well hi and welcome to the big slow jam
video we've got some fine musicians here
from the state of Colorado
I'm Pete Wernick and we're gonna help
you learn how to jam bluegrass jamming
can be really easy and sometimes it can
get really hard but why I deal with the
hard stuff when we can just start in a
nice easy way with easy chords and nice
moderate tempos there's a few musts that
have to happen at any jam session you
must be in tune you must be on the right
chord at all times and you must stay in
rhythm so are we all going to try to do
that
when slapped a zone
you know other kinds of music like
classical music and Broadway show tunes
and things like that it's kind of
expected that the player is going to
have written music in front of them
but in bluegrass written music doesn't
have much of a part to play now Nancy on
the fiddle what you what might you do if
you don't really know the melody and
you're not trying for it just trying to
do something ok
well we've come to the end of the slow
jam video and I hope you've enjoyed
playing along with us and by the time
that you played all these songs with us
you realize I hope that you can play on
an awful lot of music with just a total
of four chords
Oh
you